Jenkins Test Definition in Arango Repo (#16052)
arangodb/arangodb: tests/test-definitions.txt

replication_static weight=500 single -- --extraArgs:log.level replication=trace
replication_sync weight=500 single -- --extraArgs:log.level replication=trace
shell_replication single

# Misc single server tests
active_failover single
agency weight=350 single -- --dumpAgencyOnError true
agency-restart weight=250 single
arangobench weight=1000 single
arangosh single
authentication weight=1000 single
endpoints single -- --skipEndpointsIpv6 true
paths_server weight=500 single
permissions weight=500 single
recovery weight=2000 buckets=4 single
version single

# Shell client tests Single Server
shell_client weight=500 single suffix=http -- $EncryptionAtRest
shell_client weight=500 single suffix=http2 -- --http2 true
shell_client weight=500 single suffix=vst -- --vst true

shell_client_aql weight=500 single suffix=http
shell_client_aql weight=500 single suffix=http2 -- --http2 true
shell_client_aql weight=500 single suffix=vst -- --vst true
shell_client_aql weight=500 single enterprise suffix=encrypt -- --encryptionAtRest true

shell_server_aql weight=750 single buckets=5
# execute without buckets in single server, but use 5 buckets in cluster
shell_server weight=1000 single

> # Catch tests are executed in single env
> catch weight=1000 single

Reviewer: We don't use catch anymore, so let's rename the test definition. The suite name "gtest" is understood by our test framework already.
```suggestion
# C++ unit tests are executed in single env
gtest weight=1000 single
```

Reviewer: I suggest we also add @arangodb/team-qa to the CODEOWNERS file for `tests/test-definitions.txt`, so it will be mandatory that they review changes to this file.
